Introduce new SIG governance and tooling (#236)
kubevirt/community: tools/sigs/generator/README.md

# SIG Doc builder

This was originally copied from the [`kubernetes/community`](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/generator) repo.

> This folder contains scripts to automatically generate documentation about the
> different Special Interest Groups (SIGs), Working Groups (WGs)
> and Committees of Kubernetes. The authoritative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains scripts to automatically generate documentation about the
different Special Interest Groups (SIGs) of KubeVirt. The authoritative
```
?

source for SIG information is the [`sigs.yaml`](/sigs.yaml) file in the project root.
All updates must be done there.

The schema for this file should be self explanatory. However, if you need to see all the options, check out the generator code in `app.go`.

The documentation follows a template and uses the values from [`sigs.yaml`](/sigs.yaml):

- Header: [`header.tmpl`](header.tmpl)
- List: [`list.tmpl`](list.tmpl)
- SIG README: [`sig_readme.tmpl`](sig_readme.tmpl)
- WG README: [`wg_readme.tmpl`](wg_readme.tmpl)
- Committee README: [`committee_readme.tmpl`](committee_readme.tmpl)

> **Time Zone gotcha**:

Reviewer: Using UTC removes the issue of daylight savings, and the KubeVirt calendar updates times depending on the user/browser location.
